docs/classifieds/index.md, before:

# Classifieds

> Classifieds or Classified advertising is free of charge in the newspaper. Keep them short and to the point.

[<h2>**Blockchain For Peace — Law & Governance Hackathon**</h2>](https://hackernoon.com/blockchain-for-peace-law-governance-hackathon-41bb784cc25f) |
:-----------|
Blockchain for Peace is a community resource center for social entrepreneurs, researchers, and impact investors to create an open-source knowledge library. We’re excited to announce the dopest hackathon of the year, Blockchain for Peace’s “Law & Governance” hack at Bushwick Generator on July 27–29th. It will be co-hosted by Peace Accelerators, Stanford University, and Bushwick Blockchain Alliance, taking place two blocks from ConsenSys headquarters in the heart of NYC’s blockchain community. |
[Learn More](https://hackernoon.com/blockchain-for-peace-law-governance-hackathon-41bb784cc25f) |

[<h2>**Web3 Developer Opening at Aragon**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web3/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world’s worst problems. **We’re looking for a Web3 Developer to help us bridge smart contracts to a frontend**. Internally, we call this position "Glue". Our Web3 Developer is ideally not only a Javascript expert but also a decentralization evangelist—someone who enjoys researching and testing new Web3 technologies. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web3/) |

[<h2>**Developer Relations opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/dev_rel/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems.**We're looking for a Developer Relations to help third party developers create apps on top of the Aragon dapp and aragonOS**. Our Dev Rels must be someone passionate in helping others understand technical subjects through technical writing, networking and educating people. That means that our ideal Dev Rels is not only a legit developer but also an Aragon Technical Evangelist. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/dev_rel/) |

[<h2>**Web Developer opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems.**We're looking for a Web Developer to work with us creating and maintaining stunning websites and landing pages for all of Aragon**. Our Web Developer must not only be a frontend wizard but also care about detail and have a taste for good design. Our ideal candidate is not only a respected engineer but also a decentralization advocate. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web/) |

[<h2>**Frontend Developer opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/frontend/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems. **We're looking for a Frontend Developer to work with us on the Aragon Labs, Aragon Core app, and aragonOS**. Our Frontend Developer must not only be a frontend and web3 wizard but also a nonconformist. That means that our ideal candidate is not only a respected engineer but also a decentralization advocate. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/frontend/) |

[<h2>**Office Manager Job Opening**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/office-manager/) |
:-----------|
**We are looking for an Office Manager to help us maintain our head quarters, and supervise and organize office services**. The ideal candidate must not only be someone highly efficient, fast-thinker and problem-solver but also eager to learn and adapt to fast-moving environments. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/office-manager/) |

[<h2>**Executive Assistant opening @ Aragon (Zug, Switzerland)**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/exec-assistant/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems. **We’re looking for an Executive Assistant to support the Aragon founders with organization, coordination and time optimization**. The ideal candidate must not only be someone highly efficient, with love for time self-management and adaptive to fast-paced environments, but also curious and eager to learn about decentralization. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/exec-assistant/) |

[<h2>**Senior Solidity/EVM/Ethereum opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/solidity/) |
:-----------|
We are looking for an Ethereum wizard to work with us on Aragon Core and the upcoming Aragon Network. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/solidity/) |

Commit message:

Aragon Monthly 7th Edition (#185)
* Add News articles

* Add News to the Front Page

* Add Classifieds

* Add Classifieds to Front Page

* Fill blank columns with Submit News filler

* Reduce articles on Front Page

docs/classifieds/index.md, after:

# Classifieds

> Classifieds or Classified advertising is free of charge in the newspaper. Keep them short and to the point.

[<h2>**Senior software dev/architect at P2P Models**</h2>](https://p2pmodels.eu/jobs-senior-dev/) |
:-----------|
[P2P Models](https://p2pmodels.eu/) is a 5-year (2018-2022) EU-funded (1.5M€) project around blockchain and the commons, which will be based at the Universidad Complutense de Madrid (Spain). More in this [thread](https://twitter.com/p2pmod/status/1017802485422067713). **We are looking for a Senior Software Developer/Architect** to lead the development of a blockchain-based framework to build collaborative Decentralized Autonomous Organizations. This role involves to establish the architectural foundations and develop a software framework to build modular components of DAOs, with a focus on supporting collaboration and communities. |
[Learn More](https://p2pmodels.eu/jobs-senior-dev/) |

[<h2>**Project Manager / Communication Manager at P2P Models**</h2>](https://p2pmodels.eu/jobs-project-manager/) |
:-----------|
[P2P Models](https://p2pmodels.eu/). P2P Models aim is to build decentralized, democratic & sustainable Collaborative Economy organizations, aided by blockchain technologies. More in this [thread](https://twitter.com/p2pmod/status/1017802485422067713). We are looking for a (Research) Project Manager / Communication Manager for an interdisciplinary research project around blockchain and P2P communities. This role involves the day-to-day and ongoing operations for the project and the facilitation of the project social impact. |
[Learn More](https://p2pmodels.eu/jobs-project-manager/) |

[<h2>**Web3 Developer Opening at Aragon**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web3/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world’s worst problems. **We’re looking for a Web3 Developer to help us bridge smart contracts to a frontend**. Internally, we call this position "Glue". Our Web3 Developer is ideally not only a Javascript expert but also a decentralization evangelist—someone who enjoys researching and testing new Web3 technologies. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web3/) |

[<h2>**Developer Relations opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/dev_rel/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems.**We're looking for a Developer Relations to help third party developers create apps on top of the Aragon dapp and aragonOS**. Our Dev Rels must be someone passionate in helping others understand technical subjects through technical writing, networking and educating people. That means that our ideal Dev Rels is not only a legit developer but also an Aragon Technical Evangelist. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/dev_rel/) |

[<h2>**Web Developer opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems.**We're looking for a Web Developer to work with us creating and maintaining stunning websites and landing pages for all of Aragon**. Our Web Developer must not only be a frontend wizard but also care about detail and have a taste for good design. Our ideal candidate is not only a respected engineer but also a decentralization advocate. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/web/) |

[<h2>**Frontend Developer opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/frontend/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems. **We're looking for a Frontend Developer to work with us on the Aragon Labs, Aragon Core app, and aragonOS**. Our Frontend Developer must not only be a frontend and web3 wizard but also a nonconformist. That means that our ideal candidate is not only a respected engineer but also a decentralization advocate. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/frontend/) |

[<h2>**Office Manager Job Opening**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/office-manager/) |
:-----------|
**We are looking for an Office Manager to help us maintain our head quarters, and supervise and organize office services**. The ideal candidate must not only be someone highly efficient, fast-thinker and problem-solver but also eager to learn and adapt to fast-moving environments. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/office-manager/) |

[<h2>**Executive Assistant opening @ Aragon (Zug, Switzerland)**</h2>](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/exec-assistant/) |
:-----------|
Aragon is an open source, decentralized project fighting for the freedom to organize. We believe that decentralized organizations can solve the world's worst problems. **We’re looking for an Executive Assistant to support the Aragon founders with organization, coordination and time optimization**. The ideal candidate must not only be someone highly efficient, with love for time self-management and adaptive to fast-paced environments, but also curious and eager to learn about decentralization. |
[Learn More](http://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/exec-assistant/) |

[<h2>**Senior Solidity/EVM/Ethereum opening at Aragon**</h2>](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/solidity/) |
:-----------|
We are looking for an Ethereum wizard to work with us on Aragon Core and the upcoming Aragon Network. |
[Learn More](https://wiki.aragon.one/jobs/openings/solidity/) |
