docs/index.md, before:

# Aragon Monthly
#### The community curated digital newspaper about DAOs and the Aragon ecosystem
#### Issue 04, April 5th 2018
___
> **Content curation is the process of gathering information relevant to a particular topic or area of interest.**

Aragon Monthly is **created by the community, for the community**.

**Anyone can contribute** by [creating](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_pull_request.md) or [requesting new content](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) regarding **Decentralized Autonomous Organizations**, **governance** or about anything related to the **Aragon ecosystem**.

For more information, see [**How does this work?**](info/index.md#how-does-this-work) and [**How can I contribute?**](info/index.md#how-can-i-contribute)
___
## [Recent News](news/index.md)

| | |  
:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  

| | |  
:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  
| | |  

###### [Browse More News](news/index.md)
___
## [Recent Articles](articles/index.md)

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |
:-----------|
[_Editorial_](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to write an article for Aragon Monthly?**](guides/guide_for_submitting_articles.md) |
[Read More](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |

###### [Browse More Articles](articles/index.md)

[<h2>Title</h2>](category/title_of_the_article.md) |
:-----------|
[_Category_](#category) |
![](../../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [Author Name / @author_GitHub_username](https://github.com/author_GitHub_username)_ |
Short intro to the article |
[Read More](category/title_of_the_article.md) |

[<h2>Title</h2>](category/title_of_the_article.md) |
:-----------|
[_Category_](#category) |
![](../../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [Author Name / @author_GitHub_username](https://github.com/author_GitHub_username)_ |
Short intro to the article |
[Read More](category/title_of_the_article.md) |
___
## [Recent Classifieds](classifieds/index.md)

[<h2>Title</h2>](URI) |
:-----------|
Description |
[Learn More](URI) |

[<h2>Title</h2>](URI) |
:-----------|
Description |
[Learn More](URI) |

###### [Browse More Classifieds](classifieds/index.md)

Commit message:

Compile Issue 04 of Aragon Monthly #111
contains all articles sorted by categories for Aragon Monthly issue # 4

docs/index.md, after:

# Aragon Monthly
#### The community curated digital newspaper about DAOs and the Aragon ecosystem
#### Issue 04, April 5th 2018
___
> **Content curation is the process of gathering information relevant to a particular topic or area of interest.**

Aragon Monthly is **created by the community, for the community**.

**Anyone can contribute** by [creating](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_pull_request.md) or [requesting new content](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) regarding **Decentralized Autonomous Organizations**, **governance** or about anything related to the **Aragon ecosystem**.

For more information, see [**How does this work?**](info/index.md#how-does-this-work) and [**How can I contribute?**](info/index.md#how-can-i-contribute)
___
## [Recent News](news/index.md)

| [**DAOs and the Future of Work**](https://hackernoon.com/daos-and-the-future-of-work-97b4c076f288) | [**2044 a world governed by DAOs**](http://yermoo.net/2044-a-world-governed-by-daos/) |  [**Polkadot's Plan for Governing a Blockchain of Blockchains**](https://www.coindesk.com/polkadots-radical-plan-governing-blockchain-blockchains/)
:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|  
|[DAOs](news/daos.md) | [DAOs](news/daos.md)| [Governance](news/governance.md)
|[<img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/1600/1*HNsCGCeeZxBTYIXb2R1a4Q.jpeg">](https://hackernoon.com/daos-and-the-future-of-work-97b4c076f288) | [<img src="http://yermoo.net/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/guin%CC%83oyermoocalidad-300x288.jpg">](http://yermoo.net/2044-a-world-governed-by-daos/) |  [<img src="https://media.coindesk.com/uploads/2018/03/buttons-860x430.jpg">](https://www.coindesk.com/polkadots-radical-plan-governing-blockchain-blockchains/)
| _Author [David Passiak](https://hackernoon.com/@passiak) on Mar 28_| _Author [Yermo](http://yermoo.net/author/admin/) on Mar 27_ | _Author [Rachel Rose O'Leary](https://www.coindesk.com/author/rachelroseoleary/) on Mar 22_
|There is a lot of talk about the threat of automation. AI and robots are coming to take our jobs. Corporations and the government are taking control of our lives. This creates a scarcity mindset of “us versus them,” leading us to ask, How am I going to protect myself? Will I be one of the few people left when machines take over? | A decentralized autonomous organization, or simply DAO, is a company or organization whose decisions are made electronically by means of a written computer code or by the vote of its members. In essence, it is a system of coded rules that define what actions an organization will take. |  Who has the authority to change a public blockchain? It's a question that has been in the minds of top cryptocurrency developers as the many available networks struggle to serve their diverse, often conflicting stakeholders. But that's not to say there aren't norms and best practices – the ability to make and enforce software changes is generally split between the developers that write the code and the computers, or nodes, that install it.
| [Read More](https://hackernoon.com/daos-and-the-future-of-work-97b4c076f288) | [Read More](http://yermoo.net/2044-a-world-governed-by-daos/) | [Read More](https://www.coindesk.com/polkadots-radical-plan-governing-blockchain-blockchains/) 

|[**SportsDAO**](https://medium.com/@rzurrer/sportsdao-a-self-governing-meritocratic-decentralized-autonomous-organization-that-leverages-2dffac175b52) | [**MachineLabs goes open source**](https://blog.machinelabs.ai/2018/03/21/machinelabs-goes-open-source) | [**DAICO Attack Vectors and Solutions**](https://medium.com/@akomba/daico-praise-and-critique-2c5bcee2acfe) 
:-----------:|:-----------:|:-----------:|  
|[DAOs](news/daos.md) | [DAOs](news/daos.md) | [DAOs](news/daos.md)
| [<img src="https://cdn-images-1.medium.com/max/2000/1*_7m8im8h2WmfWYOGs0xSPA.jpeg">](https://medium.com/@rzurrer/sportsdao-a-self-governing-meritocratic-decentralized-autonomous-organization-that-leverages-2dffac175b52)| [<img src="https://blog.machinelabs.ai/images/ml-course-ad.png">](https://blog.machinelabs.ai/2018/03/21/machinelabs-goes-open-source)|  ![](../../images/monthly_no_image.png) 
| _Author [Ryan Zurrer](https://medium.com/@rzurrer) on Mar 22_ | _Author [MachineLabs](https://twitter.com/machinelabs_ai) on Mar 21_ |  _Author [Andras Kristof](https://medium.com/@akomba) on Mar 12_
| A self-governing, meritocratic, decentralized autonomous organization that leverages the wisdom of the crowd and cryptoeconomic incentives to improve the decisions of a sports franchise. | We started MachineLabs with the main goal to provide the community better tools to get started with Machine Learning. Everyone should be able to immediately start writing Machine Learning code without ever having to worry about setting up a complicated software stack themselves. |  Vitalik’s DAICO idea was badly needed. It’s really good to see the right message propagated from the top. If I were to describe blockchains in one word, it would be “blockchains make things more accountable”. If I were allowed only a single word, it would be “accountability”. The fact that ICOs don’t do everything they can to keep themselves accountable is a disgrace to the technology and community. So Vitalik highlighting the issue and proposing a solution is very important.
| [Read More](https://medium.com/@rzurrer/sportsdao-a-self-governing-meritocratic-decentralized-autonomous-organization-that-leverages-2dffac175b52)|[Read More](https://blog.machinelabs.ai/2018/03/21/machinelabs-goes-open-source) | [Read More](https://medium.com/@akomba/daico-praise-and-critique-2c5bcee2acfe)

###### [Browse More News](news/index.md)
___
## [Recent Articles](articles/index.md)

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |
:-----------|
[_Editorial_](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to write an article for Aragon Monthly?**](guides/guide_for_submitting_articles.md) |
[Read More](guides/guide_for_submitting_a_new_issue.md) |

###### [Browse More Articles](articles/index.md)
___
## [Recent Classifieds](classifieds/index.md)

[<h2>Title</h2>](URI) |
:-----------|
Description |
[Learn More](URI) |

[<h2>Title</h2>](URI) |
:-----------|
Description |
[Learn More](URI) |

###### [Browse More Classifieds](classifieds/index.md)
