docs/contributors/index.md, before:

# Contributors for Issue 10
## [Editors](editors.md)
> Editors are people who regularly provide content to the publication and make sure that the content is always high quality. They write articles, review Pull Requests, and are generally active in the creation of this publication.

- Editor - [Jake Rockland](https://github.com/jakerockland)
- Editor - [Josh Fairhead](https://github.com/Joshfairhead)
> Huge thanks to [Jake Rockland](https://github.com/jakerockland) for filling the [_Editor: Compile Issue 10 of Aragon Monthly_](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues/271) bounty  and doing a major contribution to get Issue 10 out!
___
> The Editor-in-chief is the publication's editorial leader who has final responsibility for its operations and policies.

- Editor-in-chief - [@krrisis](https://github.com/krrisis)
___

## [Contributors](contributors.md)
> Contributors are people who have contributed to the creation of the current Issue.

- Contributor - [@john-light](https://github.com/john-light)
___

## [Reviewers](reviewers.md)
> Reviewers are people who contribute by helping review new content submitted via Pull Requests.

- Reviewer - [@Smokyish](https://github.com/Smokyish)
- Reviewer - [@krrisis](https://github.com/krrisis)
___

## [Columnists](columnists.md)
> Columnists are people dedicated to contributing quality content for an extended period of time - usually on the same subject area or theme - that typically contains the author's opinion or point of view.

Commit message:

issue 11 (#298)
Overview below: 

* added 1 more news item

added Announcing the Full Agenda for AraCon to news

* added 1 additional news item

Added Announcing the Full Agenda for AraCon to news

* updates to news & frontpage (krrisis)

- added capitals in titles in news
- added some missing images
- updated frontpage two contain two rows of news

* added classifieds page

* added classifieds page

* final updates (krrisis)

Implementing changes as described here: https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/pull/298#issuecomment-450474640

docs/contributors/index.md, after:

# Contributors for this Issue
## [Editors](editors.md)
> Editors are people who regularly provide content to the publication and make sure that the content is always high quality. They write articles, review Pull Requests, and are generally active in the creation of this publication.

- Editor - [@dxiri](https://github.com/dxiri)

> Huge thanks to [@dxiri](https://github.com/dxiri) for filling the [_Editor: Compile Issue 11 of Aragon Monthly_](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues/292) bounty and doing a major contribution to get this Issue out!
___
> The Editor-in-chief is the publication's editorial leader who has final responsibility for its operations and policies.

- Editor-in-chief - [@krrisis](https://github.com/krrisis)
___

## [Contributors](contributors.md)
> Contributors are people who have contributed to the creation of the current Issue.

- Contributor - [@john-light](https://github.com/john-light)
- Contributor - [@krrisis](https://github.com/krrisis)
___

## [Reviewers](reviewers.md)
> Reviewers are people who contribute by helping review new content submitted via Pull Requests.

- Reviewer - [@Smokyish](https://github.com/Smokyish)
- Reviewer - [@krrisis](https://github.com/krrisis)
___

## [Columnists](columnists.md)
> Columnists are people dedicated to contributing quality content for an extended period of time - usually on the same subject area or theme - that typically contains the author's opinion or point of view.
