docs/articles/index.md, before:

# Articles

## **Editorials**
> An editorial is an article written either by the editorial staff of the newspaper or by a contributor. It can be any written document,  for example a technical specification documentation or a letter to the public.

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
:-----------|
[_Editorial_](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to write an article for Aragon Monthly?**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
[Read More](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |

## **Opinion pieces**
> An opinion piece is an article that mainly reflects the author's opinion about the subject. Opinion pieces in the newspaper are often written by a subject-matter expert, a person with a unique perspective on an issue.

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
:-----------|
[_Editorial_](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to write an article for Aragon Monthly?**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
[Read More](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |

## **Columns**
> A column is a recurring piece or article in the newspaper where a writer expresses their own opinion in few columns allotted to them by the newspaper organisation.

> Columns are written by columnists who are dedicated to contribute quality content for an extended time, usually on the same subject area or theme each time – that typically contains the author's opinion or point of view.

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](columns/submit.md) |
:-----------|
[_Column_](#columns) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to start a regular column on Aragon Monthly?**](columns/submit.md) |
[Read More](columns/submit.md) |

Commit message:

updated opinion page with article and renamed article file to .md

docs/articles/index.md, after:

# Articles

## **Editorials**
> An editorial is an article written either by the editorial staff of the newspaper or by a contributor. It can be any written document,  for example a technical specification documentation or a letter to the public.

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
:-----------|
[_Editorial_](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to write an article for Aragon Monthly?**](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |
[Read More](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/labels/article) |

## **Opinion pieces**
> An opinion piece is an article that mainly reflects the author's opinion about the subject. Opinion pieces in the newspaper are often written by a subject-matter expert, a person with a unique perspective on an issue.

[<h2>ICOs are for fraud, DAOs are for function</h2>](opinion/daoarticleissue152.md) |
:-----------|
[_Opinion pieces_](#opinion-pieces) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [C.E. Davis III / @csggene3](https://github.com/csggene3)_ |
**The last two years have seen a precipitous rise and fall in the both the price of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum amongst many new others branded as ICOs (or initial coin offerings) as well as a general awareness of their existence and the broader underlying ecosystems that accompany them.** Many this year are quite upset with their purchases from last year due to the steep drop off in associated prices. The perception is that software developers created simple tokens on the various issuing blockchains (like Ethereum, NEO, Cardano, Ethereum Classic, etc) that served little more purpose than to act as a form of quick and dirty security issuance, or "penny stock," with little oversight or regulation, and then cashed out large groups of shares for themselves, ostensibly to fund future software development of their projects, but truthfully or more likely to enrich themselves greatly with no intention or obligation for their promises to the public or their own investors to be kept. There are hundreds of similar projects like these with similar accusations against their progenitors and "developers," or dismissed as " honest failures due to diminished market conditions," yet these types of blatant excuses fall on the deaf ears of the thousands that lost out and the many other honest developers that knew better.

[Read More](opinion/daoarticleissue152.md) |

## **Columns**
> A column is a recurring piece or article in the newspaper where a writer expresses their own opinion in few columns allotted to them by the newspaper organisation.

> Columns are written by columnists who are dedicated to contribute quality content for an extended time, usually on the same subject area or theme each time – that typically contains the author's opinion or point of view.

[<h2>Looking for interested contributors</h2>](columns/submit.md) |
:-----------|
[_Column_](#columns) |
![](../images/monthly_no_image.png) |
_Author [You!](https://github.com/aragon/aragon-monthly/issues) on Feb 17_ |
[**Want to start a regular column on Aragon Monthly?**](columns/submit.md) |
[Read More](columns/submit.md) |
